whoa
rebellious and polluted to the
oppressing city she has not obeyed his
voice she has not received correction
she has not trusted in the Lord she has
not drawn near to her God her Prince's
in her midst are roaring lions her
judges are evening wolves that we've not
a bone till morning
her prophets are insolent treacherous
people her priests have polluted the
sanctuary they have done violence to the
law the Lord is righteous in her midst
he will do no unrighteousness every
morning he brings his justice to light
he never fails
but the unjust knows no shame I have cut
off nations their fortresses are
devastated I have made their streets
desolate with none passing by their
cities are destroyed there is no one no
inhabitant I said surely you will fear
me you will receive instruction so that
her dwelling would not be cut off
despite everything for which I punished
her but they rose early and corrupted
all their deeds
therefore wait for me says the Lord
until the day I rise up for plunder my
determination is to gather the nations
to my Assembly of kingdoms to pour on
them my indignation all my fierce anger
all the earth shall be devoured with the
fire of my Jepson
for then I will restore to the peoples
of pure huge that they all may call on
the name of the Lord to serve Him with
one Accord from beyond the rivers of
Ethiopia my worshippers the daughter of
my dispersed ones shall bring my
offering in that day you shall not be
shamed for any of your deeds in which
you transgress against me for then I
will take away from your midst those who
rejoice in your pride and you shall no
longer be haughty in my holy mountain I
will leave in your midst a meek and
humble people and they shall trust in
the name of the Lord the remnant of
Israel shall do no unrighteousness and
speak no lies nor shall a deceitful
tongue be found in their mouth for they
shall feed their flocks and lie down and
no shall make them afraid
sing o daughter of Zion shout o Israel
be glad and rejoice with all your heart
o daughter of Jerusalem the Lord has
taken away your judgments he has cast
out your enemy the king of Israel the
Lord is in your midst you shall see
disaster no more in that day it shall be
said to Jerusalem do not fear
Zion let not your hands be weak the Lord
your God in your midst the Mighty One
will save he will rejoice over you with
gladness he will quiet you with his love
he will rejoice over you with singing I
will gather those who sorrow over the
appointed assembly who are among you to
whom its reproach is a burden behold at
that time I will deal with all who
afflict him I will save the lame and
gather those who would rhythm out I will
appoint them for praise and failing in
every land where they were put to shame
at that time I will bring you back even
at the time I gather
for I will give you fame and praise
among all the peoples of the earth when
I return your captives before your eyes
says the Lord
you
[Music]